added description how to pass config into container (#453)
hadolint/hadolint: README.md

hadolint --config /path/to/config.yaml Dockerfile
```

To pass a custom configuration file (using relative or absolute path) to a container, use the following command:

```bash

> docker run --rm -i -v ./your/path/to/hadolint.yaml:/conf/hadolint.yaml:Z -e XDG_CONFIG_HOME=/conf hadolint/hadolint < Dockerfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --rm -i -v ./your/path/to/hadolint.yaml:/root/.config/hadolint.yaml hadolint/hadolint < Dockerfile
```
